README.md, before:

# Awesome Fiftyone Plugins [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jacobmarks/awesome-fiftyone-plugins)

🚀🚀🚀 Welcome to the home for awesome FiftyOne Plugins 🚀🚀🚀

This repo contains a curated collection of existing FiftyOne Plugins, ideas for future plugins, and resources to help you on your journey.

## Table of Contents

- [Existing plugins](#-awesome-plugins)
- [Plugin Ideas](#-plugin-ideas)
- [Resources](#-resources)
- [Contributing](#-contributing)

## 🔌📦 Awesome Plugins


## 🔌💡 Plugin Ideas




## 📚 Resources

- [FiftyOne Plugins Documentation](https://docs.voxel51.com/plugins/index.html)
  - [Python Operators API Docs](https://docs.voxel51.com/api/fiftyone.operators.types.html#module-fiftyone.operators.types)
  - [Typescript Operators API Docs](https://docs.voxel51.com/plugins/api/fiftyone.operators.html#fiftyone.operators)
- [FiftyOne Plugins Repo](https://github.com/voxel51/fiftyone-plugins)
- [Plugins Channel](https://fiftyone-users.slack.com/archives/plugins) in [![FiftyOne Community Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/FiftyOne%20Community%20Slack-4A154B?logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://slack.voxel51.com)


## 🚀 Contributing

Contributions of any kind are welcome! Check out the [contributions guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)
for instructions.

For example, contributions can include any of the following:

🖋️ Spelling, grammar, or code corrections

🛠️ Improvements to the structure or layout of the repo itself

💡 Ideas for future plugins you'd like to see, and of course

🧩 Your own plugins 💪

### 🚀 How to Start Contributing
Contributing is simple.
1. Fork the repository.
2. Make your improvements or additions in your forked repository.
3. Submit a pull request detailing the changes you've made.

If it's approved, it will be merged into the main repository!

Commit message:

Added in plugin ideas
Later, can add a separate README with descriptions of each of them

README.md, after:

# Awesome Fiftyone Plugins [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jacobmarks/awesome-fiftyone-plugins)

🚀🚀🚀 Welcome to the home for awesome FiftyOne Plugins 🚀🚀🚀

This repo contains a curated collection of existing FiftyOne Plugins, ideas for future plugins, and resources to help you on your journey.

## Table of Contents

- [Existing plugins](#-awesome-plugins)
- [Plugin Ideas](#-plugin-ideas)
- [Resources](#-resources)
- [Contributing](#-contributing)

## 🔌📦 Awesome Plugins


## 🔌💡 Plugin Ideas

- 🔧 Plugin-builder
- 🚀 Getting Started Workflow
- 📥 Plugin Installer
- 🎥 YouTube video player
- 🏷️ Label Importer
- 🌊 Drift Detection
- ❗ Outlier Detection
- 🏃 Active Learning
- 📝 Text Label Visualizer
- 🖍️ Pre-labeling
- 🔑 Keyword Search
- 🔍 Hybrid (semantic + keyword) search


## 📚 Resources

- [FiftyOne Plugins Documentation](https://docs.voxel51.com/plugins/index.html)
  - [Python Operators API Docs](https://docs.voxel51.com/api/fiftyone.operators.types.html#module-fiftyone.operators.types)
  - [Typescript Operators API Docs](https://docs.voxel51.com/plugins/api/fiftyone.operators.html#fiftyone.operators)
- [FiftyOne Plugins Repo](https://github.com/voxel51/fiftyone-plugins)
- [Plugins Channel](https://fiftyone-users.slack.com/archives/plugins) in [![FiftyOne Community Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/FiftyOne%20Community%20Slack-4A154B?logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://slack.voxel51.com)


## 🚀 Contributing

Contributions of any kind are welcome!

For example, contributions can include any of the following:

- 🖋️ Spelling, grammar, or code corrections

- 🛠️ Improvements to the structure or layout of the repo itself

- 💡 Ideas for future plugins you'd like to see, and of course

- 🧩 Your own plugins 💪

### 🚀 How to Start Contributing
Contributing is simple.
1. Fork the repository.
2. Make your improvements or additions in your forked repository.
3. Submit a pull request detailing the changes you've made.

If it's approved, it will be merged into the main repository!
